projector-plugin/README.md, before:

# projector-plugin
This subproject is an IntelliJ plugin for sharing the IDE window using the Projector server.

Please note that it's an experimental technology.

If you want simultaneous collaborative editing, please try [Code With Me](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/code-with-me.html) solution.
Projector doesn't support that.

## Building from sources

This will give you a zip file with IntelliJ plugin:

```shell script
./gradlew :projector-plugin:buildPlugin  # Java 11 is required
```

This command creates a zip file in the `projector-plugin/build/distributions` dir.

## Downloading

Alternatively, you can download the zip file from [releases](https://github.com/JetBrains/projector-server/releases/). Please search for the
latest release starting with `agent-...` and find the plugin in Assets there.

## Usage

Install the plugin (the zip file) into IntelliJ IDEA via `Gear Icon | Install plugin from disk...` menu item in Plugins settings. New menu
item `Projector` will appear next to the `Help` in the title bar.

Commit message:

Add info about published plugin

projector-plugin/README.md, after:

# projector-plugin

This subproject is an IntelliJ plugin for sharing the IDE window using the Projector server.

Please note that it's an experimental technology.

If you want simultaneous collaborative editing, please try [Code With Me](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/code-with-me.html) solution.
Projector doesn't support that.

## Downloading from Plugins Marketplace

The plugin is published here: <https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/16015-projector>. So you can find it in IDE and install it (manual IDE
restart is needed after installation).

## Usage

New menu item `Projector` will appear next to the `Help` in the title bar.

## Building from sources

This will give you a zip file with IntelliJ plugin:

```shell script
./gradlew :projector-plugin:buildPlugin  # Java 11 is required
```

This command creates a zip file in the `projector-plugin/build/distributions` dir.

## Downloading zip file from releases

Alternatively, you can download the zip file from [releases](https://github.com/JetBrains/projector-server/releases/). Please search for the
latest release starting with `agent-...` and find the plugin in Assets there.

## Installing zip file

Install the plugin (the zip file) into IntelliJ-based IDE via `Gear Icon | Install plugin from disk...` menu item in Plugins settings.
